Travel and tourism:
One positive of the use of object detection in the travel and tourism sector is that it can be used to potentially check passports by checking if the face or if a
facial feature, such as the eye, is the same as on the passport in an airport. This could potentially speed up a usually lengthy portion of checking out at an 
airport. There are some limitations to this idea and usage of object recognition, as if someone had significant damage to their face the object recognition check 
would not be able to check if they really are the same person. The threat of over reliance on object recognition in x-ray scanners could lead to terrorists being 
able to smuggle in weapons and trick the object recognition software. This may cause fear in the tourist industry potentially scaring away passengers.
Gaming and entertainment:
The use of object recognition in augmented or virtual reality could be used to understand more about the environment that you are playing in, which may help stop 
someone hitting an object and potentially causing major damage. One limitation of object recognition in entertainment is that the software would need good lighting 
to see the objects, which would make it difficult to track objects in cinemas. A risk of object recognition could be the use of extremely targeted adverts while 
watching something online, as with object recognition companies could be able to track where you go on a daily basis allowing them to build a profile of you.
Education and Learning:
Object recognition could be used in education to recognise characters, which could be used to help people with dyslexia as the words can be said out loud. It could 
also help mark tests and scan in work to a high degree of accuracy. One limitation of this is that the recognition may not work on hand writing as there is no set 
way to write letters.
Travel and navigation:
Object recognition can help the travel industry as it is a key component in driverless cars. It allows the cars to check for dangers ahead and keep in the lines on 
the road. Another benefit from object recognition software is that it may be useful as an aid for people who are visually impaired as it could warn someone through audio cues if there is an obstacle in their way. One limitation of this is that driverless cars would leave many taxi drivers unemployed. There are also risks to object recognition in travel and navigation as if there is a bug in the code it may be lethal.
Medicine and healthcare:
